Style Guide updates for Client, Server (#880)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: contribute/en/Style-and-Tone.md

> “Person” A human connected to a server (may be on multiple channels). “People on the server”, “People who have muted themselves” (not “Musicians” or "Channels").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
“Person” A human connected to a server (may be on multiple channels). We might say _people on the server_, or _people who have muted themselves_, rather than _Musicians_ or _Channels_.
```

"Client" When capitalised, this means an instance of Jamulus running in client mode, used to connect to Jamulus Servers.

> “Server” When capitalsed, this means an instance of Jamulus running in server mode. When lower case, this means the general term for the machine that runs the Server (eg "A Server running on an AWS server"). Not to be confused with “Directory”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
“Server” When capitalized, refers to an instance of Jamulus running in server mode. When lowercase as _server_, this refers to the computer that runs the Server (e.g. _A Server running on an AWS server_). Not to be confused with Directory.
```

> “Directory” The term for a type of Server that a Client uses to get a list of Servers from. Avoid the use of the term “Directory Server” it may be confusing in the presence of “Server” on its own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
“Directory” The term for a type of Server that a Client uses to get a list of Servers from. Avoid the use of the term _Directory Server_ because it may be confusing in the presence of _Server_ on its own.
```

> “Country/Region” Keep in mind that some areas of the world have a controversal (political) status. If possible, be generic and remain neutral. Instead of just saying country, use “Country/Region“ or “Location“.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
“Country/Region” Keep in mind that some areas of the world have a controversial (political) status. If possible, be generic and remain neutral. Instead of just saying country, use _Country/Region_ or _Location_.
```

> Registration: When a Server is configured in Registered mode, it will be "listed" when successfully registered by a Directory. Note that if a Directory is full, a Registered Server may not therefore be "listed" becuase it has not been successfully "registered".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registration: When a Server is configured in Registered mode, it will be _listed_ when successfully registered by a Directory. Note that if a Directory is full, a Registered Server will not be _listed_ because it has not been successfully _registered_.
```

Reviewer: I've tried introducing italics rather than quotes, but might not have the ability to transform the whole document with suggested changes.

> “Person” A human connected to a server (may be on multiple channels). “People on the server”, “People who have muted themselves” (not “Musicians” or "Channels").

Reviewer: Servers have connections.

Author: A connection would be a "fader" according to the guide. We wanted to use "person" because one person may have a number of faders on the server, and "fader" should be unambiguous because that's what you see in the UI (and it;s most likely to be what you're interested in eg, muting, volume, ordering).

“Country/Region” Keep in mind that some areas of the world have a controversal (political) status. If possible, be generic and remain neutral. Instead of just saying country, use “Country/Region“ or “Location“.

> Registration: When a Server is configured in Registered mode, it will be "listed" when successfully registered by a Directory. Note that if a Directory is full, a Registered Server may not therefore be "listed" becuase it has not been successfully "registered".

Reviewer: So a Registered Server isn't actually registered sometimes, since _Registered_ is actually a _mode_, which here implies there's a step that might fail. So _Registered Server_ actually means _A Server That Tries to List on a Directory (And Might Fail)_. 

In my fever dream, I write: A Listed Server appears in a directory's list of servers. Using the Server UI, you can remove the server from its directory temporarily to become an Unlisted Server. If the directory is full, the server's attempt to list itself on the directory will fail, an error will appear, and the server will operate as an Unlisted Server.

Author: This is just the style guide for people who write docs. I was attempting to clarify the use of the terms as we currently have them (so to avoid, eg. "The Server isn't registered by the Directory"). The why/how stuff isn't relevant here.
